anyway
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] man talk about a memory wipe welcome
back to Lady Babylon satanic initiation the report is in from Lucifer we've got
Grand news apparently the whole Bronze Age drug hair thing is going like it was
supposed to be going people are focusing a little bit of interest in it I am
going to take us in deeper than into these Bronze Age drug using ceremonies
yeah yeah I don't like this it's gonna be a good night and uh we're also going to
start tonight with a little bit of a a little Viddy for you to consider
um just to set us up a mood you know to see the playing field put all the gods
out there and let's see what happens that's tonight
[Music]
I have been asking um Derek to come we took did our survey
and Derek knows that he would be welcome to come in lingerie in Platinum wig for
a fight night sometime I know that there will be a time it's coming so I appreciate everybody
responding to that that was nice I want to start tonight with a clip and I want
to look at this clip twice again not only because that's part of the training but it's also reinforcement
for this you know form of hypnosis that we're doing here because that's really
where you have to go to get into these sources you have to get into the mind of
the people there you have to be in the spot so that when they start using this
vocabulary and talking about their ritual you're seeing it through their eyes you're seeing it through their eyes
I told you guys last time the devil was very pleased with the report back on the
Living Earth this is fantastic we're talking about the blood of Typhon the
blood of Typhon oh God this is the oyster Mania inducing stuff and tonight
I want to take us via known us to the ritual activity of those who use the
oyster Mania yes the very practice of the mystery itself the very practice of the mystery
itself first I want to start with some who have practiced the mystery some who
have practiced the mystery I want to look at these individuals and I've got a little just a short vid to warm us up
Chewie hit it this is
[Music] my son
[Music]
thank you thank you [Music]
thank you thank you yeah he stuck out his tongue
yeah isn't that something it's quite an image it's quite an image and having
absorbed that piece of indecent history look at us all sitting here in the salon
I just wanted to open tonight just throw that out there and say look at us in the salon
we want the reality we want to see
what was actually there right right now Neil Gnostic informant
son his channel doing his thing and he's punching it out slugging it out
yeah just logging it out to establish some kind of
some kind of decorum in the museum
I give him kudos for that I give him kudos let's see if we can find that place that
ritual place come on man this is good good good drug ritual stuff from Antiquity these
texts are gonna blow your mind um they're gonna really sink their teeth
into you we've got our tongue out right we've got our tongue out
we've got those those fearsome fangs now this is at the
bottom of the pot this is the bottom of the Brew right when you drink
when you drink this is the image that sends you off yeah this is the Medusa
right this is the Resurrected lady Babylon I forgot to tell you guys
but Jesus has a Jesus has a felony interdimensional
warrant out on him and it looks like this sort of
circus where we all meet in a tent it looks like it's there for a reason
it comes through it it bleeds through the metaphysics you know it's the it's
like Quantum radiation if there is such a thing yeah
wow fantastic let's go to a couple of text tonight I
want to start out I want to start out with someone's name you're going to recognize and then I want to look at the
ritual okay this ship is stopped right you everybody off get out take your
lunches with you don't uh um uh the bus won't be coming back until
this evening by the way congratulations to my student I will brag for you and I will be on the Dig she will be on a dig
um authoration I'll be looking at some thracian stuff it's a black sea oh God congratulations I'm not gonna say your
name but congratulations that you got there and it's what a great opportunity
um you'll have to be sending us back data you'll have to let us know what's
going on man what's this is the this is the um Frontier now the archaeological
Frontier we're right there at the late Bronze Age throw us up some Greek here so we can
look at text together I want to look at the single I want to look at the uh nope
not that one that one there we go thanks Joy yep that one there we go okay
um they're a little bit out of order I apologize look at the name that's underlined there on the second line down
that's almond right we're talking about this God of Libya
right we're talking about this one who's from the sand right it's from that
desert and that one is the horned Prophet The Prophet with the horns
the prophet with the horns that's the one who amen is and what does that mean
I'm pulling you into the right right we're going set your mind on drive and
just go into the rights Amon what is he doing
in Dalma he has that Thrice helix
image of the Ram's Horn
he is Hesperian Zeus and he prophesies
or tells the words of Prophecy um
yeah with that time breaking
oracular voice I said we're going to be talking about Voice tonight
the real topic here is voice so subliminally we'll be kicking this
over to you so how does one use the Mystic Voice
right how does one use the well why don't we just go and look why don't we
just go and look at the uses of the Mystic Voice and for that I'm going to pull up my text
and Chewie if you can hit the next yeah there we go oh that's big enough [__] me that's fantastic
yep okay so look right at the top 82 fails who are we who are we talking
about we're talking about Typhon and who is Typhon typhoon is a snakey
leg Dragon he has a snaky leg monster right he is the earthborn
he is the earthborn remember him this way right what does he do he bubbles up
this fiery breath of the lightning oh isn't that nice he's
got fiery breath of lightning in him what does he do he burns all of the land
the thing goes up in smoke the tops of the mountains crumble down in the fire
yeah but when all this is happening out steps
a singer a priest singer
who serves lydian Zeus yeah he leaves the temple at that
awesome smelling place right constant constant there with with the sacrifice
she thinks the sacrifice take it downstairs you think the sacrifice is the
no it's not it's usually an altar with did you buy little bricks
of incense for that's what a a burnt offering is that that verb thuo is
almost always well it's majority overwhelming majority
of the time that I've personally seen it in tax it's reference to a frankincense offering Ryan to
um a little cakes little little bricks that you put on the barbecue that they
got set up inside the tent the circus tent where we hear the voice right and we open our eyes right come on
to the circumstance you know circus tent did everybody see what was going on we've been look we only have so much
time for this investigation I've only got so much so many weeks Authority here
so what we're gonna have to do is we're gonna have to find out that we're going to need motive we're we're going to have
to have evidence that will put that guy in the right place the right time we've
got to find out exactly what he was doing why was he Jesus in that park with
that naked kid and what was he doing to that naked kid I want the evidence I
want everything we've got everything we've got we don't want theories and nobody's trying to sell any books here
we're part of an investigation right part of an investigation and I value time by the way I'm watching your
comments I appreciate those I want to run that clip one more time and I want you to look at this clip that
I want you to see in it the incarnated Buddha I want you to see it Olivia
[Music]
thank you [Music]
yeah what does he say look my tongue was that it can I quote the Dalai Lama I've gotta
I've got a book of quotes somewhere I've got to enter this in
something about lick my tongue lick my tongue
um what is going on look at us in the position that we are in the world just
look just look at where we are is this gorgeous insanity or is it is it
gorgeous the planning behind this is amazing okay let's get back to our text look real quick at our text
to the people want you know what I mean they want it um we got to bring it to them so leaving
behind his Temple we we left our guy here we're talking about a dragon right
and it's terrible just terrible stormy creature oh he's awful and uh this
priest steps out this priest steps out one who's involved with the voice
you know he steps out he doesn't have any arms all right he's got nothing on him he
goes to work I heard
Derek Lambert this week talking about kicking against the goad or the prick
that's this word in Greek Ken Tori here right a little data's
there with muthoy he comes to war not with arms right
but with speech with his tongue that's a barb
it's a barb the devil has a Barb on his tongue have
you ever wondered why you know it's because it's what he uses for Warfare
the next line is
it's not a shaped Weapon It's not a cutting sharpened weapon
it's his speech that is the the blade
yeah and what does he do he binds his word his words a sword his
voice is a shield yeah and what does he do he binds
he binds with word he says
yeah stethi talana is a curse
it's a curse it's what you call a binding curse okay now step back and say oh where are we in
the right right we're talking about dragons and dogs again
we're talking about temples and we're talking about colleges of priestesses
yeah we're talking about the Medusa again who are the Medusa they are these Bronze
Age echidni there are these women who have put themselves and been put
from birth under the influence of a complex regimen
of serpentine toxins which I am right now hopefully trying to get people to
figure out what's going on those things they're under those influences and
um so here we are with these uh people why do we come here remember we're
talking about the Bronze Age drugs and we're talking about what they put in their hair
right and what's that hair done what's the ocher red ocher what is that what are they doing with these things right
well it's lemony and Earth and it's part of right it's used in Ritu
yeah the Medusa as they get ready as they get ready they fill their hair
with poison now like carry the poison in their hair
it's the carrier for the vehicle that drives their entire cult
it's just it's gorgeous it's absolutely gorgeous yeah beautiful beautiful stuff let's
bring the Greek text back let's keep going into the right and see what's going on
that is a binding which causes you to be restricted and labels you as the doomed
Talon yeah yeah yeah
[Music] sticky yes
[Music] by the power of the Mystic art
yeah the fiery Giant
and this gigas here for those of you who are curious you take it off for a second this Kick-Ass here these Giants
um you can find these guys all over the place um so check them out
um Giants big deal right um yeah think of it in terms of its
quantum physics okay remember what are we working with here we're working with images
we're working with images so okay you got the snakey leg bring them up again bring up that typhoon
where'd he go oh love that right look at that oh God damn she want to
just reach out and like anyway okay bring back the Greek text bring back that Greek text see we don't
have ideas and theories here we don't you know come on man devil didn't care
about ideas and theories it doesn't let's look at what the words you're saying here we are back in the right
taking you to those rights because you guys like going on yeah I'm gonna root you to the spot
the burning dragons overcome these are overcome by this Mystic art right now
he's afraid right he's rooted there foreign
he is literally it's that says he is fixed firm in his spot
come back he's fixed firm in his spot where he's standing right Frozen
and it turns out it turns out that he is able to be bound
by the verbal command of a priest who is exercised in the
mystery all right
so let's take a look here at some of the
language last week we said look we just discovered this week we just discovered oh my God they're all in drugs in the
Bronze Age right what's the hair for what's the limiting hair that if you look it up that lemny and Earth is
called in the magic is called the blood of Typhon
the blood of typhoon what are we doing with the blood of Typhon
yes should we have that is that even legal right okay we're getting closer right I
want you guys to see the cult so that we can figure out what Jesus was doing with that naked boy
okay we've got just a few more minutes here um
let's go back to the text one more time uh I just want you to notice that the
state eats that tell that word that he uses for fixed being fixing this individual in place
that word is the Str root it's got the Str root in it and the kintori that barb
that barb that is the word do you know how to make your muthos into a word into
a barb do you know how to use it so it's a bar but not just you know you're not just
cussing somebody out or something you're moving time and space with it right it's
a step up is it right um he's having an effect on the Giants
you can't see these things right but they're there and you can bind them you
can bind them and the giant is amazed when you can Amaze a giant because
everybody knows that Giants are of superior intelligence
this isn't fifo thumb these are the people
aka the sons of God get this you know the story
the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were Fair
and they took to themselves wives of all which they chose
and they had children and they taught them
the art of drugs it doesn't say that it does it's so easy to food no no it does
it really says that it says that they taunt them the art of
drugs among other things astrology
pulling down the stars that kind of thing it taught them all that magic yes
right these are the sons of God that can fly bro and they have children they have
children and these children are giants these children are giants
yeah the Watchers know right they watch and they wait
for that moment of Consciousness to come that moment of eye Awakening right eye opening
Awakening Resurrection they watch for it and it's the whole colony is going bad
they they fill the place Fuller full of the purifying elements
isn't that neat listen to what's happening they fill the place full of
purifying elements we saw on Wednesday that only the pathway of the medwa the
Medea only her pathway gives you access to that mystery if you
don't walk through her you don't walk at all yeah interesting
interesting lady Babylon you can see why she has to return
right it's the biggest fear in Christianity the biggest fear now I'm not going to address you
apologetics isn't it disgusting being around those guys is disgusting can I
just say here here to the people who make the air fresheners
you know I don't want to endorse anybody anything but um you guys are needed in the presence
of those academics and non-academics who
want to feel you so full of garbage
it's just that I shouldn't I shouldn't it's just it's taking advantage of you we don't
need to be taken advantage of Joe right there's nobody here there's nowhere you guys would commit as much
time as you're committing you know and and need some kind of smoke
blowing you don't need that right we need sources and I just wanted you to see from a couple of sources
tonight how's that um these words let me show you a couple
of words here let's go to our lexicon by the way the Perseus uh tough side is
restructuring so we don't have a I'm taking photos of my giant
um 2500 page uh Greek Lexicon uh that is
falling apart um but hey here they are show them up look give these this is a this is a
little treat here just look at um here here's some strychnine right right look
at it um at the bottom here I just want you to see see sleepy Nightshade
um blah blah blah um Thorn Apple look Thorn Apple deterra stromonium right from and they give the
reference to diascortis here and is used as one of these verbs
that one of these plants excuse me the Greeks identify as being a plant capable
of intoxicating you right for you to enter into a state of mania Mania right
this whole drug vocabulary people don't realize this but there's nobody ever reads these texts but
um there's a whole drug vocabulary let's go to another let's go to the next one boink
maybe get a close-up on that yeah
yeah um just look at the um we're looking at monicos here right
we have the it's not up here but we have Mania right the madness someone is
usually you know to an extreme mad or extravagant you see in definition number
two there right that's nice but I want you to look for the drugs we got to look for the
drugs does anybody see any drugs here oh I do look at the bottom there it was like two sentences from the bottom there
um Pharmaca right so you can have this
adjective um represent a type of drug a style of
drugs demonic drugs and what are the manic drugs the manic drugs the drugs that put you into a place of mania you
haven't been to church unless you've been under the influence of these drugs okay that is what is going on
and look at that they have money uh well that's okay we don't need that one okay next uh next
yeah look at this look at this yeah yeah nice good for sleeping and they say
that's nice and awesome convenient sleeping places just keep going down
going down going down until we get to the very bottom look at Roman numeral number two as a verb
right here we've got to stupefy with narcotics okay so this isn't just to
give narcotics this is to stupefy and notice the root is Epsilon Upsilon Nu
Epsilon Upsilon new um where have you guys seen this before
does this look like the Elia root oh it may be it may be huh so there's a
connection look there's a connection to marriage there's a connection of sex why why is there a connection because in the
right bring me up in the right in the right we're dealing with sex and drugs
we are dealing with sex and drugs you cannot perform the mystery without the
sex and the drugs you can't do it the music
the music makes everything work that's what they said yeah they said the music was more
important than than even the drugs which I thought I've always found that fascinating must be something within the
you know you get taken up in it and off you go right next thing you know you're dead on the floor and they're like oh
revive him right and we've got the stuff in our hair these hallucinogens that are
what these are not pleasant hallucinogens this is not you see people today with the mushroom or
the mushroomery and how nice it is because it helps to heal you from your
traumatic yeah experiences at least that's what they're trying to research
all right see if it does um this is a different angle this is uh turn you crazy turn your crazy on for a
few hours turn your crazy on for a few hours and when we're all done you can sleep it off
all right fantastic you tell the priests on the way out what'd you say right right where you been let's get it
down yep who said what right what are the messages what are the
oracles isn't that fantastic let's go to we've got another dictionary I know I'm going over but
we've got a um look at this here I just wanted you to see this word for lot
I wanted you to see this word for lot known Us in that passage that we just
looked at Nana says the priest
who sings that prayer right that prayer is a song
that you are singing to the divinity
yeah it's a song the audience is the Divinity the power the diamond the demon
the succubus the incubus depending on whether you're in or out
yeah those songs are the activations of that
power so laughs
nowness tells us there is an inherent
power in this thing
this is our device it's a noetic it's a it's a brain
voice a brain voice bring up that last
[Music] yeah lachos only the concept of voice is
is embodied in lot in Lots remember we're necromancers
how do we bring the logos we bring the logos via the lot
yeah if you were paying attention you would have seen the stars yourself
and you would have been able to go to where he was and give him what he
needed yes you find those you find those children
right you find those children within the right the mystery I've got news okay I know this is gonna upset people by the
way I'm still reading as many comments as I possibly can um yeah and yeah there's a lot of stuff
good stuff in there but uh we have to go to a place that's not it's
kind of sensitive and kind of you know when the Dalai Lama was kissing that I was kissing that boy I was
thinking to myself look okay this is the closest you're gonna get to Jesus
with the naked kid this is the closest you're gonna get this is kind of Jesus I
mean come on right is there is there much difference right you know
then nobody should be offended by that right nobody should be offended I hope the Christians are offended to compare
Jesus to Buddha oh that's not bad um okay we could throw we could throw I
don't think we quite quite throw Moses and although Moses was cranking with the with the Venoms and this is the new area
by the way people right this is the new era watch what those Venoms do bring back those serpents around the pole and
watch what happens right watch what happens to the medicine yeah oh this is gorgeous I love it I
love this very much um so it's how is he doing that it's with that
it's with that lot that he is able to cast and catch in
time just boom in order to pull down that power from the Star right he uses
the lot that's how they always know the future right and you think to yourself oh wait
a minute there is that funny connection right between you know divination and
casting the Lots yes there is and it's a principle of randomization that's nice all that stuff is nice what what's
important for us is that in the text we not only see a very unique
creation of lightning but but we see it in a way that shines
light on the Apocalypse
so that soon we'll be able to
chart the stars and say we are here
welcome to the Apocalypse thanks for coming tonight
hail Satan [Music]
[Applause] [Music]